# Farenheit to Celsius Converter

#### by Mila Fossey

I started off by being very intimidated by this homework. I wasn't sure how long it was going to take me to do it, nor how long the code would actually be. As someone who is European, I will actually be using this code on the daily lol. I started by looking at the homework requirmenets and figuring out how to name and placwe the variables. I followed the code along for class but replaced the variables. So I wrote: let f = (99); and another statement writing let c = ((f - 32) * 5 / 9);. In the homework requirements there was not the * symbol between 32 5/9, which created a syntax error, so I searched up the conversion on google which made me add the * to multiply. I then thought about different ways I could do this code. I wrote const f = (99); and const c = ((f - 32) * 5 / 9); instead, which also worked. For the last statement, I wrote console.log("Fahrenheit:", f); and console.log("Celsius:", c);. I then wrote console.log (`Celsius is ${c}`); instead. In class, the variable we put in ${} was numeric, but since the variable c is already attributed a certain equation, it already includes what we need in it, which is why I plugged c in there. If we plugged f instead, teh result would just be Celsius is 99. Overall, I think things went pretty well. I tried each statement out in Eloquent Javascript to make sure it would work. I came across many errors, but most of them were just syntax errors. My js file also wouldn't open every time I closed it, so I had to start over multiple times. I also plugged in different values in the first statement const f = (99); and then googled the conersion to make sure it worked.